Address remaining comments to eSealing tutorial (#732)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/smart-contracts/tutorials/eSealing/eSealing_dapp.rst

.. note::

   A file hash is an algorithmic way to assign a unique string to a file using a cryptographic hash function (e.g., `SHA-2 <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-2>`_) based on the file content.
   Changing the file's content would result in a completely new file hash. The eSealing smart contract expects a file hash of length 256-bits as an
   input parameter because of the used `HashSha2256 <https://docs.rs/concordium-std/latest/concordium_std/struct.HashSha2256.html>`_ type.

Register a file
===============

> Select the ``registration tab`` to register the file hash as it can be seen in the video below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the **Registration tab** to register the file hash as shown below:
```

.. figure:: ./images/registrationTab.gif
   :alt: StreamPlayer
   :align: center

>    Registration Tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

View timestamp and witness
==========================

> Select the ``display tab`` to look up the timestamp and witness (sealer account) of an already registered file as it can be seen in the video below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the **Display tab** to look up the timestamp and witness (sealer account) of an already registered file as shown below:
```

.. figure:: ./images/displayTab.gif
   :alt: StreamPlayer
   :align: center

>    Display Tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   "14fe0aed941aa0a0be1118d7b7dd70bfca475310c531f1b5a179b336c075db65"

> .. figure:: ./images/registerFile.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. image:: ./images/registerFile.png
```

   :align: center

>    Register File

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. note::

   Comprehensive instructions on how to set up a local Concordium testnet node on port 10001 (or alternatively link to a remote node via grpc),
   and download ``concordium-client`` can be found in :ref:`Setup the development environment<setup-env>`.

.. note::

   In Unix-like systems you can calculate the sha256 hash of a file with the following command:

   .. code-block:: console

      $sha256sum ./yourFile.txt

You can view the ``timestamp`` and ``witness`` (sealer account) of an already timestamped file as follows:

.. code-block:: console

    $concordium-client contract invoke 2481 --entrypoint getFile --parameter-json fileHash.json --grpc-port 10001

> .. figure:: ./images/displayFile.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. image:: ./images/displayFile.png
```

   :align: center

>    Display File

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
